For hundreds of years, people have dreamed about machines that can think and act like a human. There have been many ideas and attempts to make that dream real since the 15th century. Nevertheless, it seemed to be just a little progress in hundreds of years. With the invention of the computer, scientists have made considerable progress in artificial intelligence and demonstrate the possibility of creating machines that can think like a human.

After having appropriate technology, scientists have to face up another problem. That is how to teach or program a computer thinking like a human. Scientists have studied the learning processes of children and animals to figure out a prospective way to make computers generate creative thoughts. Through enormous experiences, they observe how children learn from mistakes and how their brains recognize patterns and use that knowledge to program the computer. They also explored that humans and other live creatures are born with some built-in programs. People did not recognize that because they are called instincts.

In the 20th century, people had created programs that help computers learn. If a human learns by mistakes and experiences, a computer learns by getting more and more information about a problem or object to complete its ability to judge. The more study cases scientists provide, the better judgment ability computers become. Back in those days, computers could learn to recognize patterns, but they still could not generate creative things or thoughts like a human. They could beat chess champion, yet many scientists disapproved because the machine won by using the power to precalculate thousands of moves, not by creative thinking.

Nowadays, with the evolution of technologies and algorithms, engineers can train AI much more effectively. The massive computing power has enabled AI to learn more with less time. In other words, if a human can only study one study case at a time, an AI can learn enormous study cases simultaneously. AI can learn things that take years to learn in just hours as long as engineers provide them with good algorithms and study cases. AI can do a lot of things much better than we can. Indeed, many fields like logistics depend on AI to operate and making profits. 

To sum up, scientists and engineers have made the dream of thinking machines real. AI has changed the face of the earth and become a significant thrust of modern society. In the future, AI will become more and more essential to the world. 
